## 改正下面句子
1. I laidee down and went to sleep.
2. She switched off it.
3. What are you thinking of the government?
4. I'm seeing what you mean.
5. Is raining again.
6. Give back me my watch.
7. Is that the light off which you switched?
8. You never listen me.
9. Listen to!
10. About what are you thinking?
11. He gave you it.
12. Who did you buy it?
13. I'd like him to explain us his decision.
14. Can you suggest me a good dentist?
15. Please describe us your wife.
16. Sing us.
17. He painted red the wall.
18. She made that she disagreed clear.
19. You surprised!
20. Do sit that chair.
21. The problem appears impossibly.
22. Isabel sudden appeard in the doorway.
23. He fell unconsciously on the floor.
24. He pulled his belt tightly and started off.
25. She crossed the garden dancing.

## 答案
1. I lain down and went to sleep.
2. She switched it off.
3. What do you think of the government?
4. I see what you mean.
5. It is raining again.
6. Give me back my watch. || Give me my watch back.
7. Is that the light which you switched off?
8. You never listen to me.
9. Listen.
10. What are you thinking about?
11. He gave it to you.
12. Who did you buy it for?
13. I'd like him to explain his decision to us.
14. Can you suggest a good dentist to me?
15. Please describe your wife to us.
16. Sing to us.
17. He painted the red wall.
18. She made it clear that she disagreed.
19. You surprised me!
20. Do sit down.
21. The problem appeard impossible.
22. Isable suddenly appeared in the doorway.
23. He fell unconscious on the floor.
24. He pulled his belt tight and started off.
25. She danced across the garden.
