## 改正下面句子
1. I must to water the plants.
2. It mustn't be Emily at the door - She's in Ireland.
3. You mustn't work tomorrow if you don't want to.
4. It can rain this afternoon.
5. May you go camping this summer.
6. I felt very hot and tired. I might be ill.
7. I might read what I liked when I was a child.
8. Next week's exam must be easy.
9. Yesterday I should clean the whole house.
10. James should get back home yesterday. Has anybody seen him?
11. I'm not sure where Emma is. She can be out shopping.
12. You have better hurry up.
13. 'The phone's ringing.''I'm going to answer it.'
14. 'There's the doorbell.''I go.'
15. I phone you tonight.
16. May everybody park here?
17. Yesterday evening Daniel could watch TV for an hour.
18. I could run 10km yesterday.
19. I can speak French at the end of this course.
20. He uses to smoke.
21. You used not to like him, used you?

## 答案
1. I must water the plants.
2. It can't be Emily at the door - She's in Ireland.
3. You needn't work tomorrow if you don't want to. || You don't have to work tomorrow if you don't want to.
4. It may rain this afternoon.
5. Are you likely to go camping this summer?
6. I felt very hot and tired. Perhaps I was ill.
7. I might have read what I liked when I was a child.
8. Next week's should be easy.
9. Yesterday I was supposed to clean the whole house.
10. James should have got back home yesterday. Has anybody seen him?
11. I'm not sure where Emma is. She might be out shopping.
12. You had better hurry up.
13. 'The phone is ringing.''I'll answer it.'
14. 'There's the doorbell.''I'll go.'
15. I'll phone you tonight.
16. Can everybody park here?
17. Yesterday evening Daniel was allowed to watched TV for an hour.
18. I managed to run 10km yesterday.
19. I'll be able to speak French at the end of this course.
20. He smokes.
21. You used not to like him, did you?
